OK, so we have our reader navigation here, where is that going to be called?
Well, because the reader navigation will encloses all of our destinations, all of our all of our navigation,
honorable composable screens and so forth that needs to be called inside of our main right.
So if I go to a main screen or main activity that is somewhere here that needs to be called, so let's
go ahead and get rid of all of this stuff that we don't really need.
Now let me go ahead and add a modifier as well.
Phil Max size to say that this will just fill the max size for both ways, the height and the width.
And while I'm here, I'm just going to head and say padding.
Top of about.
46 BP.
OK, we'll see that in action later.
OK, so we go.
So, you know, surface, this is where are we going to add?
Of course, the actual navigation.
But I'm going to do this a little bit differently because we want to separate the concerns here.
I'm going to create yet another composable here called reader app.
And in fact, I'm going to get all of this.
Inside here, that's what we need.
Let's remove that padding because we don't need that for now.
We can always change that.
And then inside here, I'm going to create a column.
OK?
It's a vertical arrangement.
I'm going to say center.
And the thing has to be in the middle and horizontal.
Oops, that has to be side of properties.
So horizontal alignment.
I want this center horizontally.
Such and then here is what I'm going to call the reader navigation.
OK, and of course, that's reader app.
It's going to be called inside here reader app such as Make Sure We Don't Have an issues and that's
OK because we don't have the reading anymore.
All right, so this is how we have now set up our reader navigation to be the center of everything writing
notice in our main activity now.
We don't have much.
We just called the reader app, which indeed calls surface creates a surface, and then we have the
reader navigation enclosed.
Now the beauty here is that let me get rid of all of these other screens and make sure they're a little
splash.
For now, I'm just going to add a text.
Let's say as.
Splash screen as such.
OK, so you can see now because we have everything set up in our we don't navigation, we know the starting
point now, our navigation here, the starting start, this destination is going to be screen search
actually should be splash screen.
That's a mistake, not search screen.
There we go.
All right.
That was a mistake.
Yes, fine.
We fixed it.
So they start this.
They start.
This nation has to be the splash screen.
What it means, then, is that when we run this app, if all things go well, we should see the splash
screen showing which mean it's going to be our readers splash screen with this text.
Is that true?
Well, let's hope so.
Let's run this.
All right.
There it is.
You can see it, says splash screen.
Because that's the first starting point.
The first destination we added into our reader navigation there.
This is really good.
That means everything is working.
If you don't see the splash screen, then something is not right.
Make sure you look at the code, make sure everything is set up dependencies and everything.
But you should be able to see that now we have our splash screen.
We should show as the first composable the first screen that needs to be shown here.
Now, take a moment to look at this because is structuring everything like we did here.
It's going to help immensely, as I said, because if you end up with an app that contains that has
a lot of different screens, it's much easier to structure it this way than we.
We know exactly where all of our screens are right in our or navigation.
Of course, we created the nav host controller, but most importantly, if we go to our reader screens,
right, this is where we added all of them to set them up that way.
We we're able to use them whatever we want to use them.
And again, as things grow, we can add as many screens as you want.
You have just one place where we can go and get the screens.
Obviously, as I said earlier, you could have just added the string names directly like that.
But then that would mean every time you want to, for instance, go get our composable or change something
here, we have to come here and write them and write the string ourself.
OK.
So having one place where we have all these string names in this casing that you know, it just helps
immensely as you see, OK, very well.
So we're able to at least get the navigation set up, which is really good, and we are now ready to
move on and put together the actual splash screen.